Prompt:
Write (in your Github repository) at least three paragraphs about what computing means to you at this point. Reflect on the conversations
we’ve had in class, and look critically at your relationship with computing.
Is it adding something to your life?
Is it helping you become a better person?
What are you getting out of it, what do others get from it?
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Before taking this course, my relationship with computing was almost non-existent. I was not interested in computing because I stereotyped 
it as being dry, full of difficult maths, and lonely. I began to really like programming as an activity because of the "puzzles" it
presented, I liked the problem-solving side and felt triumphant once I took the next steps no matter how small. But I still feel sometimes
that computing is rigid and lonely, except when working with creative software in the Intro to IM class. This class really showed me that
just mucking around is fine, it can even be desirable in terms of outcome, and it can very well be a piece of art. You just need to let
your imagination run free. At this point, I think computing is prompting many ideas to me as to which door to open, which path to follow.
Do I want to go into hardware and physical computing and build freaky robots? Or do I want to compute games, optical illusions and visual
art? Or do I want to tackle a real world problem like disability, which we talked about in class? Can I tackle climate change using 
computers? It's a paradox because the power of computing enables both creative and disruptive forces. At this point I'm interested in 
finding out how I can incorporate my own ideas and passions into computing.

I have a good understanding of computing at a beginner level so far, especially its theoretical limitations. I'm getting a lot of new ideas
and challenges out of computing and at this point I would like to learn more so that I can employ my skills to add something to someone's
life in the future. Or tackle climate change, using computers. I'm not sure whether I can say computing is making me become a better
person. But I can say that it's making me think more critically about the involvement of technology in our daily lives, the globalization
of culture and society through computer power, and the dangers this sort of power might present. As we discussed when talking about
physical computing in the disability sector, the same solution could be used both creatively and destructively. A creative program can turn
out to actually limit people's experience of art. It can tell instead of show people how to interact with it, so it's no longer really
interactive. I think interactivity in computing is a topic we as a society must talk about. After all, all innovations should serve a 
greater purpose, even art has a purpose of being purposeless sometimes because it adds something to people's lives - it adds nothing so 
they can be at peace, which is a very valued state in society. Computing should be in service of people's welfare as well as being a cool
means to make projects, and this is what I soon want to start contributing to.

I think overall my relationship with computing has progressed from non-existent to very involved. I'm constantly curious about new
solutions and modifications to creative tasks. I see computing as something that offers infinitely versatile ways to approach problems. 
And because there are many to approach, I think the global tasks in computing won't be exhausted for a while. So it's a good time to be
engaged. While computer power is not the final and only answer to everything, and there may be many problems it will never solve, it is 
up to us how we use it. It's interesting when we look at AI for example. AI is by no means another form of life. It has no life. But 
when used efficiently and ethically, it can be a really powerful tool in our lives. Computers and AI can make our lives much easier.
But we should also not treat computer power as slave power. That's where the fictions about revolving, human-destroying robots come from.
Computing very much reflects our human culture and our minds. What we tell the computer to do is what "we" do. We program it to carry
out our actions. So the relationship between us and computing is that there is barely any relationship. We interact with each other
through computers. And I think it's important to remember that when we make new exciting programs, ultimately we need to talk to each 
other, not to the computer itself.

